Manager Zhou, you are here
This crap
Didn't the poor guy over there bring it over?
I was about to throw it away what did you say
This junk belongs to the poor guy over there
You fool
This is the personal customized card of Lux Group
Don't you dare call him ragged.
How could this be Mr. Li's personal customized card?
I'll take care of you later
Sir, I'm sorry for your bad experience.
I will serve you next.
I have already called your Mr. Li
He'll be here soon.
If there is anything, tell him.
We're just here to see the house.
Yes Yes Yes Xiao Li
Take this gentleman to see the house
At first glance, this manager is a villain who actually wears clothes.
This salesperson surnamed Li is not bad.
Aunt Li will come in a while and can recommend it.
Make him the manager
Only come with me
Wait, Qi Shao, what do you have to say?
Lijia's personal custom card
I know there are only two in total
One is in the hands of the old man of the Li family
One pair in Li Qin
So what?
It doesn't make any sense.
Does this gentleman in front of you have a good relationship with President Li?
Manager Zhou
You are really kidding
If he really has a good relationship with the Lee family
How can you come to see the real estate alone?
Still wearing a lot of stall goods
Manager Zhou, do you believe it?
Manager Zhou, are you hesitating?
Why don't you bring a betting card machine?
Let him brush it and try it.
I'd like to see it
Why don't you dare to brush?
manager hao zhou
Why don't you get someone to get the card reader?
I want to see if you really dare to brush
Go get the card reader
Yes, sir.
You shouldn't have agreed to swipe your card for the sake of ambition
Pretending to be a family in Jiangzhong will be a big deal
You are still so young
Just work hard
There will be some achievements in the future
Don't worry.
My identity is the same
No, they said no.
No.
Hmph, I'll see how I die later
of